Linux Summer Training '23 - Task 2 

Name: Jana Hani Mohamed Zaki El-Sheikh 

OSC UX&Design Member

---

Step 1: First I downloaded the required file "Updated-Task-02.zip" via logging into my Github account from Mozilla Firefox. I then used the "cd" command to travel to my downloads folder, where the task file was saved, and then used the "Unzip" command to decompress the zip folder. 

Step 2: I used the "ls" command to list the contents of the working directory "Downloads" and view the newly decompressed folder (now named "Updated-Task-02"). I use the "cd" command to travel to that directory before listing its contents. 

Step 3: Initially, all I could see was the "README.txt" file, which I was able to read using the nano text editor, before realizing that the other file (".level-1.tar") was hidden. I used the "ls -a" command to view all the contents of the directory to see the hidden file. I attempt to use the "tar -x" command multiple times to decompress the archive before realizing that I need to unhide the file. I then used the "mv" command to rename the hidden file so I may view it. 

Step 4: After executing that command I use "ls -a" once more to confirm that the file has indeed been unhidden. I then use the command "tar -xf" (among other commands of similar orientations) to decompress the .tar archive file. Finally, I move on to using the command "ls -a" after the initial "ls" command did not show whether or not the .tar file was decompressed. Indeed, the files contained within the .tar folder were hidden. 

Step 5: I then quickly use the "mv" command to unhide the file (initially named ".level-1" now named "level-1") and then the "cd" command to move to it and view its contents using a quick "ls" command.

Step 6: There are 2 files that are immediately visible, one file called "README.txt" and another called "level-2". Using the nano text editor I view the contents of the "README.txt" file. I then use the nano text editor on the "level-2" file. The file is distorted and hard to read but the words "level-2.tar" register clearly in the first line. 

Step 7: I use the "tar -xf" command on the "level-2" file and extract its contents. I then use the "ls -a" commands to reveal the newly extracted file and then the "cd" command to move into it so that I may access its contents. 

Step 8: Using the "ls" command I view the contents of the "level-2" directory. 

Step 9: Using the "find -name" command I search for the "level-3" file. Moving to the directory in question, I use "ls -a" (just in case the file is hidden) to view its content and, indeed, I see the file named level-3. I use the "tar -xf" command to extract its contents before moving to it. I then list its contents using "ls -a".

Step 10: I locate the README.txt file using the "find -name" command and then use the "cat" command to view its contents. Once I read through the content of the file I look through the directories and files stored inside the level-3 directory and find an oddly colored file. Using the "cat" command to read through its contents I find the size of the file I am now looking for (73 bytes). 

Step 11: Using the "find -size" command I insert the size of the file (along with the appropriate suffix for "byte") and find its location. Moving to that directory I find that it is made up entirely of files. Using the "cat" command to view the contents of the file named in the "find" command's results and finally get the message that all files have been found. 